mlx5_0 supports ODP
mlx5_0 supports Implicit ODP
prefetch_attr.length2097152
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=870 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1035 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=887 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1325 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=22 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=17 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=9 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=7 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=9 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=984 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1031 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=871 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1021 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=962 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=35 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=15 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=11 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=9 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=25 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=19 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=10 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=65 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=35 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=25 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=25 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=25 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=26 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=25 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=14 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=96 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=58 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=53 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=52 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=61 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=54 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=63 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=52 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=69 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=52 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=63 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=53 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=52 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=51 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=60 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=59 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=56 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=51 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=58 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=58 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=44 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=51 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=56 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=53 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=51 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=53 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=55 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=61 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=55 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=46 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=127 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=85 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=81 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=84 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=98 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=95 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=98 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=97 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=87 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=85 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=87 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=77 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=73 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=78 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=76 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=74 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=72 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=78 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=76 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=90 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=65 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=63 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=74 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=61 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=60 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=75 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=59 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=73 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=73 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=72 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=66 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=69 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=66 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=64 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=61 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=60 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=61 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=73 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=72 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=76 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=85 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=77 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=66 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=63 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=78 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=66 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=67 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=70 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=69 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=60 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=71 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=71 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=61 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=76 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=70 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=63 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=61 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=61 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=75 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=81 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=68 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=78 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=68 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=81 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=64 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=75 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=75 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=64 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=64 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=64 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=84 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=68 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=64 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=64 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=64 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=64 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=71 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=60 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=71 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=0 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=181 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=143 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=145 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=150 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=139 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=141 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=139 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=142 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=143 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=148 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=142 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=143 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=137 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=136 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=137 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=134 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=138 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=139 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=138 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=140 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=137 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=140 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=141 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=148 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=141 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=140 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=138 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=130 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=138 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=133 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=37 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=223 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=130 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=130 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=130 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=136 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=222 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=130 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=137 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=127 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=130 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=130 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=135 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=130 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=132 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=135 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=23 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=225 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=131 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=145 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=0 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=205 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=176 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=358 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=348 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=346 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=346 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=492 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=366 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=490 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=381 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=258 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=547 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=212 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=327 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=197 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=236 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=591 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=49 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=532 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=218 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=527 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=107 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=208 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=564 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=278 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=310 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=72 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=478 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=541 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=191 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=430 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=171 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=180 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=296 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=71 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=149 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=71 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=232 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=78 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=234 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=992 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=521 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=465 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=426 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=417 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=431 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=322 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=320 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=77 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=72 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=75 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=297 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=74 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=313 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=306 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=317 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=267 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=69 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=415 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=514 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=304 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=422 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=422 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=484 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=292 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=294 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=745 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=296 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=294 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=239 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=348 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=298 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=325 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=316 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=296 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=302 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=314 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=296 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=296 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=101 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=437 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=294 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=24 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=461 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=293 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=292 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=297 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=291 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=291 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=298 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=291 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=291 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=298 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=292 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=732 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=626 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=616 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=384 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=392 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1081 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=623 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=618 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=624 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=584 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=67 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=625 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=659 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=621 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=662 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=624 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=656 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=343 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=452 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=630 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=972 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=617 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=276 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=552 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=663 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=746 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=0 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1320 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=259 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=41 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=644 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=551 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1432 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=2079 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=16 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=3976 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1956 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=6 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1102 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=2882 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=41 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=58 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1588 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=45 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=53 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=3986 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=2500 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=43 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1474 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=767 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=899 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=0 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1216 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1142 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1953 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1038 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=6 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=12 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=80 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=39 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=37 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=39 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=39 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=43 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=39 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=36 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=37 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=41 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=39 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=37 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=39 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=37 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=37 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=37 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=39 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=39 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=37 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=37 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=38 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=13 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=0 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=606 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=2070 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1897 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=885 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1573 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=6 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us

