mlx5_0 supports ODP
mlx5_0 supports Implicit ODP
prefetch_attr.length2097152
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1481 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=955 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1478 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1983 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1403 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=22 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1348 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1470 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=35 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=15 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=8 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=9 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=64 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=128 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=256 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=512 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1024 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2048 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=16 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4096 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=21 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=25 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8192 Bytes, latency=3 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=12 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=12 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16384 Bytes, latency=3 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=32768 Bytes, latency=3 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=4 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=65536 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=131072 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=6 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=262144 Bytes, latency=3 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=53 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=26 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=23 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=22 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=21 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=22 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=13 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=33 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=524288 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=214 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=220 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=203 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=195 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=191 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=151 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=194 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=182 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=186 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=242 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=190 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=174 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=111 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=150 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=164 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=143 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=93 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=101 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=86 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=82 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=84 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=96 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=94 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=84 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=94 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=97 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=72 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=69 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=69 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=79 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=74 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=76 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=86 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=88 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=104 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=90 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=101 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=79 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=95 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=96 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=100 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=96 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=79 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=94 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=87 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=95 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=95 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=99 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=92 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=94 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=99 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=78 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=92 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=80 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=85 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=96 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=107 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=102 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=92 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=79 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=118 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=104 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=107 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=100 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=81 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=84 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=89 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=106 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=144 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=84 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=68 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=69 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=73 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=72 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=81 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=71 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=74 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=76 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=96 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=76 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=69 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=63 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=66 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=74 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=67 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=57 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=87 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=99 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=75 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=82 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=78 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=92 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=43 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=39 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=64 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=71 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=73 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1048576 Bytes, latency=90 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=211 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=164 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=163 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=169 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=171 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=165 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=179 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=170 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=177 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=165 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=176 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=184 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=178 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=160 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=166 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=170 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=175 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=165 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=184 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=168 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=170 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=177 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=149 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=139 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=151 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=150 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=151 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=152 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=156 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=154 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=156 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=159 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=158 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=140 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=135 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=133 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=132 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=146 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=136 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=146 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=137 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=135 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=129 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=134 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=135 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=133 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=71 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=210 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=156 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=160 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=164 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=160 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=155 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=159 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=156 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=164 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=163 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=161 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=155 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=155 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=156 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=160 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=156 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=156 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=159 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=157 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=164 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=157 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=156 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=156 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=149 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=170 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=7 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=6 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=6 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=6 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=6 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=2097152 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=302 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=238 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=233 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=235 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=237 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=229 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=233 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=232 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=233 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=226 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=232 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=228 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=232 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=75 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=454 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=315 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=317 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=301 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=299 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=316 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=303 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=324 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=182 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=430 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=299 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=276 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=201 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=205 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=205 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=210 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=200 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=205 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=205 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=204 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=214 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=202 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=204 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=205 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=206 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=82 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=341 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=214 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=215 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=225 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=213 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=213 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=219 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=222 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=210 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=218 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=225 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=214 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=114 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=338 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=202 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=206 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=214 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=202 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=203 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=205 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=206 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=209 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=4194304 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=634 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=541 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=548 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=536 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=505 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=501 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=479 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=488 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=468 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=493 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=487 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=440 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=576 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=554 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=8388608 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=997 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=871 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=883 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=535 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=584 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=725 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=7 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=16777216 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1240 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1157 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=62 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1599 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=66 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=2419 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=842 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=58 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=837 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=2320 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=57 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1379 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=3982 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=475 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=72 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=760 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=68 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=60 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=6428 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=79 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1926 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=462 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1492 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=2340 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=67 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=528 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=516 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=69 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1975 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=43 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=39 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=80 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=51 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=41 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=70 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=43 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=3078 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=835 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=69 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1161 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=55 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=54 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=3 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=33554432 Bytes, latency=0 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=4688 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=3988 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=53 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=50 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=2809 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=58 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=2829 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=48 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=2923 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=46 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=47 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=2709 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=56 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=2611 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=43 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=530 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=2043 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=919 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=72 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=7265 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=56 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=55 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=6544 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=73 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=41 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=41 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=51 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=755 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1001 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=2964 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1996 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1956 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=8975 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=12924 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=67108864 Bytes, latency=0 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=2315 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=134217728 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=2546 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=268435456 Bytes, latency=0 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=2508 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=6 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=2 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=536870912 Bytes, latency=1 us

prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=691 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1714 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1819 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=5 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=1 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us
prefetch mr succeed, size=1073741824 Bytes, latency=0 us

